welcome are like in this new
tutorial we are going to teach you how to do
edible water capsules is
get with a verification that now
it's being used a lot in the kitchen
is modern and here what we are going to do
is to specify a little water
what we are going to need are two
main ingredients that would be to
end of sodium here we have it what
we must get to try enough
easy one gram and then five grams of
calcium lactate then I'm going to
be a little coloring dye
edible we will use in any
cake to see how they form
bubbles below what are we going to
need are three containers in this
case one big plus or minus with ones
four glasses of water
another a little bit smaller that will have a
glass of water and another that will be for
stop the specification with water a
little bit cold then we will also quote
a minipimer like this
and then also three spoons to be able
catch the balls first of all
let's do is take our
smaller container that we only have
a glass of water and what we are going to put
it's sodium alginate
we take our envelope open and we go to
put about one gram
in this case they are 2 grams so I'm going
to put half of the envelope
and now we will also add a couple of
drops of dye to take a little
of color
and now what we are going to do is remove
with our mini skin carefully
once
we have removed it we will wait
about 15 minutes for the whole mixture
look good together and do not remain
bubbles
well here we see that the mix is already
without bubbles what we are going to do now
is to put the touch of calcium here
inside carefully we add and what
we will remove everything very well
until it has been totally
dissolved I repeat these are 5 grams
and we are going to remove it
we wait a moment we see that down still
you have to finish solving and
dissolve let's keep stirring
and now what we 're going to do is catch
a little bit of the previous mix
and let's look at so many small
and we have a
and we are going to do one more
we will not let rest more or less
about two minutes 23 minutes
what we are going to do is remove with a
little bit of care
so that everything is well mixed
without breaking the accounts of
agreement
here we can observe the bubbles as
they are forming
well we 're going to take it out and we've already
taken one as you can see how it is
to get it out what we have to do is
very carefully we have
tried to make it as round as possible
for I know it's a bit complicated but
The truth is that we see how it is
to remove it recommends with 6 a
soup spoon to be able to catch well
the entire ball and prevent it from breaking
we take it like that and now with care let's go
taking out
and if you go
you will be able to see how
there really is like a gelatinous ball
that this would already be bottled water
we look to get the most out of the liquid
that we can and now to stop the
attraction
what we do is put it in the third
container that has a little water
water a little cold we throw it here
then we have already stopped the reaction
since there is one there is more quantity
only of water and now we repeat the
process we take care
with the spoon when putting the coloring
it really is a little simpler to see it
since if I did not have colorant really
it would be completely transparent
invisible and we would have to go with
quite more careful
with this we can do a lot of things
of cooking this is the spherification a
pretty new kitchen and if you want to see
cooking videos we also have our
channel where we will try to do some
recipes for you to see them and you can
surprise some
we see how it really looks
it's very good and I'll put it in my
hand
and caretakers and here I have broken a
little and has burst
we see the
and the idea
we see here inside now
liquid
and this we can eat without problems
let's try to get the third
also very carefully
we want
do not
yes
good
and this we're going to go back and try to catch it
let's take care
and here we have the result
as we see it is very interesting only
with these products that we can
get online we can get to
get this and this is totally
common edible right now what
we could take and it would be as if
we were taking a little sip of
Water
but what we are going to do now
finish I repeat we have our channel
kitchen where we have many dishes
that we would like and if you want to see some
some video related to the subject of
the specification we will already do some in
when we have a little time already
you will see that the
dishes nothing I hope you like and here
As you can see, you have the link to be able to
adhere to it
so nothing, I'm going to show you how these
errenteria we hope you liked it
this video and if you liked it please
from arlanda and share it in any
comment that you do we will look
to answer it let's see how it
bust and to see that inside
it's all liquid
we see how it has burst and here
we're just staying with
the outer part that is the reaction that
have made the two products that we have
thrown into the water
thank you very much and until the next
video